https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/V3_chap02.html#tag_18_06




- TO DO:
	- Param expansion
	- Pathname expansion simplifie
	- unquoting
	- changer fonciton syntax error
	- hard code unset / export / env



-Je recois 1 mot sans espces (sauf dans quote)





export TEST=mdr"salut   '   '  * '*'     oui"
echo $TEST

---------SIMPLE COMMAND------------
ARGS:
	>> $TEST (WORD)
-----------------------------------

- STEP 1
	Parameter Expansion shall be performed, beginning to end.

	>> $TEST (WORD) TEST=mdr"salut   '   '  * '*'     oui"

---------SIMPLE COMMAND------------
ARGS:
	>> mdr"salut   '   '  * '*'     oui"
-----------------------------------

- STEP 2
	Field splitting shall be performed on the portions of the fields generated by step 1, unless IFS is null.

		After parameter expansion (Parameter Expansion), the shell shall scan the results of expansions and substitutions that did not occur in double-quotes for field splitting and multiple fields can result.

		The shell shall treat each character of the IFS as a delimiter and use the delimiters as field terminators to split the results of parameter expansion into fields.

		If the value of IFS is a <space>, <tab>, and <newline>, or if it is unset, any sequence of <space>, <tab>, or <newline> characters at the beginning or end of the input shall be ignored and any sequence of those characters within the input shall delimit a field. 
		
		For example, the input:
		<newline><space><tab>foo<tab><tab>bar<space>
		---> yields two fields, foo and bar.

		If the value of IFS is null, no field splitting shall be performed.
		-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		if $IFS est unset --> split sur espace, \n et \t
		else if $IFS est set a NULL -> no field splitting
		else ft_split avec $IFS comme charset.


---------SIMPLE COMMAND------------
ARGS:
	>> mdr"salut
	>> '
	>> '
	>> *
	>> '*'
	>> oui"
-----------------------------------

- STEP 3
	Pathname expansion shall be performed
	Si IFS est set, pas de pathname expansion

	opendir:
	DIR *opendir(const char *name);
	--> return NULL si error (errno est set)
	--> free ptr??

	readdir:
	struct dirent *readdir(DIR *dirp);
	--> return un pointeur sur structure
	    struct dirent 
			{
               ino_t          d_ino;       /* Inode number */				guaranted by POSIX
               char           d_name[256]; /* Null-terminated filename */	guaranted by POSIX
			   unsigned short d_reclen;    /* Length of this record */

           };
	-->return NULL si plus rien a lire ou erreur
	--> free ptr??
	--> exclure . et ..

	closedir:
	int closedir(DIR *dirp);
	--> return -1 if error

---------SIMPLE COMMAND------------
ARGS:
	>> mdr"salut
	>> '
	>> '
	>> Makefile
	>> libft/
	>> inc/
	>> src/
	>> ...
	>> '*'
	>> oui"
-----------------------------------

- STEP 4
	Unquoting
	The quote characters (single-quote, and double-quote) that were present in the original 
	word shall be removed unless they have themselves been quoted.

---------SIMPLE COMMAND------------
ARGS:
	>> mdrsalut
	>> '
	>> '
	>> Makefile
	>> libft/
	>> inc/
	>> src/
	>> ...
	>> '*'
	>> oui
-----------------------------------
